Weapon Renderer: Fixed rendering for weapons not based on the weapon base (#1442)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed renering for weapons not based on the TTT2 base (like TFA) (by @TimGoll)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed rendering for weapons not based on the TTT2 base (e.g. TFA) (by @TimGoll)
```
